hey guys welcome to my channel in today's video
i will explain the story of the film fear street
part 1 1994. this film is in the form of a
trilogy which is coming in the month of july
this is the first film the second and third
films are fear street 1978 in fear street 1666
these three films are based on the famous horror
book series fear streets by author russell stein
he has written more than 50 fierce street books
if you want to read it then the link is in the
description the story of the film is about two
twin towns shadyside and sunnyvale sunnyvale
was a rich and booming town whereas shadyside
was infamous as a killer capital of the usa
for years mysterious serial killings accidents
suicides and crimes were happening in shadyside
here an urban legend of which sarah fear was
popular for many years people believed that it was
the witch who made them commit violent crimes it
was such a popular urban legend that people even
made a nursery rhyme over it at the beginning
of the film we see a teenage girl heather
she was working till midnight in the bookstore
of a shadyside mall the mall was now closed now
heather asks her friend ryan to drop her home
ryan was excited as his shift was also ending
in 15 minutes here we see martin a janitor who
was cleaning the mall it's rather odd i must
say cleaning the mall at midnight now ryan hears a
lady's whispering voice which confuses him further
heather was closing the store then suddenly the
books in the store started falling on their own
upon checking it there was no one except heather
then a man wearing a skull mask advances towards
heather he starts putting a knife in her stomach
heather screams and blocks the knife with the book
obviously this scene is in homage to the
movie scream released in 1996 heather panics
and starts running the skull mask man follows her
heather hides in another counter and calls 9-1-1
after a few minutes mask man finds her
and this time he pokes the knife into her
heather starts running again
but this time she falls down
while fighting heather removes the mask of the
attacker to her surprise it was none other than
ryan he seemed as if he was possessed the police
officer nick good comes in time and shoots ryan in
the head while dying ryan inserts a knife into
heather's stomach due to which she also dies
you can watch the first 5-minute video of this
film on netflix's official youtube channel
this crime becomes a headline here we also get a
quick recap of the historical crimes that happened
at the shady side all these crime stories are part
of this film series which we will see in this film
and in the next two films last night ryan
killed seven people among them were a few
shadyside high school students heather was one
of them officer goode says all this in the news
here we see another teenager dina who had a
breakup with her girlfriend sam sam went from
shadyside high school to sunnyvale high school
dina's brother josh was a nerd who was a member
of the online witch community he was secretly
cheating with an unknown handler named queen of
air and darkness josh thinks these seven killings
are again the result of sarah fear's possession
josh had a lot of interests in this switch
theory he had done a lot of research on
shadyside crimes and collected a ton of files
images and resources on sarah fear but dina here
thinks her brother's interest is stupid and she
takes him to school with her at school dina meets
her friends kate and simon here we also see
messages of condolence on heather's locker
kate and simon were in the business of
selling illegal prescription drugs at school
rumors in school were that the witch was behind
these killings as the killer wore a skull mask
which was a clear sign of a normal person gone
insane that's why to remind everyone about it
some idiot students spray painted witch's rhyme on
the girl's toilet there were lines like these she
will rise from the grave make good men her slaves
she will take your blood she will take your head
she will follow you till you are dead deena finds
all this legend a stupid hoax and she also scolds
simon for selling drugs as simon's brother timothy
had barely survived an overdose a few days earlier
here dina and sam were both cheerleaders dina
left the sport after her breakup with sam
tonight there was going to be a match between
shadyside and sunnyvale football teams
here the sunnyvale team was planning to hold a
candle vigil to pay tribute to the students who
died on the mall massacre for this the pe teacher
makes dina and the rest of the students attendance
compulsory dina goes to the sunnyvale school along
with her costume and the rest of the students
there she saw sam with a guy
named peter who was a footballer
peter was literally groping sam which irks dina
the enmity between the two teams was quite old
during the vigil itself both
the teams started fighting
after the match sam meets dina where dina wishes
her a goodbye by giving her some of her belongings
denna was angry here as her heart was broken later
peter and sunnyvale footballers were following
the shadyside football team bus from their car
they were abusing them throwing bottles at them
sam was also with them in the car dina gets very
angry seeing this she opens the emergency exit
door and goes to pour ice cubes on them but kate
stops her and says you are bleeding from the nose
when dennis starts checking her nose the icebox
accidentally falls from her hand and directly
lands on the incoming sunnyvaler's car causing
a car accident later we see sam crawling out of
the car she was bleeding from the nose too
now her hand soaked in blood goes under the
soil as the place was soft along with this sam
starts seeing some visions and hearing voices
later we see dina simon and kate beside sam and
they apologize to her sam vomits blood here which
falls on simon's shirt and dina's boot later peter
threatens dina for a car crash all these kids lie
to officer good by saying it was just an accident
now we hear a lady's whispering voice from peter's
car crash site on next day evening dina was
watching news on tv where janitor martin was
giving a bite to a reporter martin says ryan
was a good person he enjoyed reading comics
martin also believed that ryan was possessed the
police had now declared ryan to be a serial killer
on the same night we see a man wearing
a skull mask in front of dina's house
dina thinks it's peter who has arrived here to
prank her deena comes inside the house after
shouting at him for minutes after a few moments
we see the same man in front of dina's kitchen
this time there was a knife in his hand this
time josh also saw that man dina angrily goes
out with a knife but that guy vanished in thin air
deena angrily sends a message on the pager to kate
oh man how can we forget those days when we
used to send messages on that little black box
feeling really nostalgic kate and simon
were doing babysitting work in one house
simon wore the same shirt he had last night the
one on which sam's blood was all over kate asks
simon to change it kate reads dina's message and
calls her back dina tells her about stalking peter
suddenly there was some noise in kate's house too
upon checking it the same skull mask man was there
too he was looking for something in the clothes
as soon as he sees kate and simon he disappears
later we see confused simon and kate arrive
at dina's house where simon was wearing the
same shirt with blood stains these three were
very angry with sam as for them it seemed the
prank has gone too far these three and josh
arrive at the hospital where sam was admitted
dina accuses peter of pranks which sam denies sam
says peter was with me this whole time upon seeing
peter there dina starts arguing with sam suddenly
we see blood coming out of peter's mouth where
that skull mask man has stabbed him sam and dina
scream in panic and start to run away from him by
attacking him the rest of the kids also started
running as they also saw the skull mask man
in a hurry they hijack an ambulance parked outside
the hospital how convenient somebody just left an
ambulance for kids to drive around like a toy sam
and dina hide at the reception counter where skull
mask man kills a few nurses later he tries to
attack sam but dina attacks him first from behind
she opens his mask and we see ryan again this
dead dude was killing people whom dina identifies
as ryan from news she was confused and in panic
so without thinking much she ran away from him
now the kids are at the police station
and explaining everything to officer good
here we see martin being arrested
for some petty crimes which he denies
officer good shows these kids the photo of
ryan and says i myself have killed this boy
dead can't kill people he knew the lying
habit of these kids hence he does not take
the words of these kids seriously dina starts
shouting angrily while leaving the station
she pushes another officer and steals his pistol
we see simon taking a leak around a corner where
he hears an old song a teenage girl was sitting by
the roadside of the road and was singing that song
as simon approaches her she attacks his legs
with a shaving blade simon starts running but
she drops him and sits on top of him while these
two were fighting the girl's locket fell away
she was about to run the blade blindly on
simon then deena fired shots at her from
behind simon gets up and starts running
while the attacker girl also gets up
apparently she hadn't died and black liquid was
coming out of her body later we see these kids
at dina's house where simon was completely freaked
out he explains everything exactly how it happened
on hearing this josh brings up one old newspaper
clipping which was about that teenager ruby lane
he asks simon if this is the girl to which simon
says yes now josh starts narrating the shadyside's
history it was said that ruby lane was a teenager
who had murdered her friends and died by cutting
her hand with a shaving blade in the year 1978
a psycho killed several people at camp nightwing
in 1950 a milkman named harry rooker killed
several housewives 1935 humpty couple killer
case 1922 billy barker case 1904 grifter
guts girls case 1666 pastor miller case
all these people were normal before but
suddenly they changed by showing these
things josh justifies his witch theory about
this town here kate recognizes the 1978 incident
as her aunt died there sam can't digest this
brutal history she starts vomiting blood again
dina takes care of her and these two start
talking these two were now coming close again
as they discussed their pain and feeling sam says
she had no choice but to go to sunnyvale as her
mom got divorced sam was hesitant to openly
accept her sexuality and love towards dina
meanwhile josh continues with his lecture and
says in the year 1666 sarah fear was hanged by
people for witchcraft since then she has been
taking revenge and has been committing crime by
possessing good men of the town many people
believe that she cheated death before dying
as written in the nursery rhymes just before she
died she did a trick by cutting her cursed hand
she made a deal with the devil to take revenge
on the town's people for generations to come
here josh believes that this story is true
and that the witch is really behind all this
kate here raises an important question of why they
are being haunted what have they done wrong to her
sam answers this question by saying i saw the
witch yesterday near the car crash site i had a
few visions i am pretty sure it was her all the
kids now come to the crash site in an ambulance
sam puts his hand in the mud by the side of
the car there she finds some bones josh finds
a lock on which fear was written this means
that yesterday sam inadvertently disturbed
the grave of sarah fear simon here suggests a
silly idea he says like in the film poltergeist
if we fix this grave and apologize then
there may be a chance that she will spare us
josh likes this idea and kids start to rearrange
those bones in a proper order meanwhile sam's
nose was bleeding again when she touches bone with
her blood-smeared hand she gets the vision again
this time she hears a voice saying it's you it's
you meaning the witch was only behind sam and not
the rest of the kids the kids now close the
grave and say sorry at the same time we see
another witch's henchman advancing towards these
kids he was the nightwing killer of 1978 he starts
attacking everyone with an axe the kids survive
somehow and start running again in the ambulance
here sam explains to everyone that the witch is
really just after her the rest have nothing to
do with her but dina here disagrees and says
what about the skull masked man attacking her
at her own house what about he attacking
kate and simon at their babysitting house
then kate suddenly stops the ambulance
and says the mask man was not stalking us
he was searching for some clothes she then tears
simon's jacket and shows the bloodstained shirt
she points at dina's shoes which were also stained
with blood kate says the henchmen are using sam's
blood as a gps tracker josh now suggests an idea
of using sam as a bait to kill these henchmen
to which dena objects but sam agrees and these
kids go ahead with their plan the officer good
checks the hospital where he finds dead
bodies he also finds ruby's necklace on
the road all these kids arrive at school and
take a good shower to clean any trace of blood
later dina cuts sam's hand and collects
a few drops of her blood in a bucket
simon fetches some highly flammable chemicals and
pours them around the girl's toilet josh also rubs
water filled with sam's blood around the toilet
all these kids now make sam sit on that toilet
there was an opening above to escape dina
simon josh and kate were now waiting outside
after some time skull mask ruby nightwing killer
arrives at the school and goes straight to the
toilet as soon as they enter the room kate locks
them in dina sets the fire the fire starts burning
all three of them yes here sam had run away from
the toilet through that opening above after some
time the kids see a black sledge everywhere but
like in the terminator part 2 film this sludge
was rejoining again meaning these henchmen were
unkillable now we see kids hiding in a classroom
kate says we tried everything we could to save
sam from the witch's curse but now it's time
if it's really sam that the witch needs then it's
better we give her that else we all will die sam
says yes to this but dina says no she tries to
stop sam from leaving the room but simon grabs her
now sam was waiting outside the room when
josh found one of his old news clippings
he was carrying all his data in his backpack
apparently anyway he says in the year 1978
there was one girl named c berman who claimed
that she too saw the witch she was the sole
survivor of the massacre deena calls c berman by
getting her number from the telephone directory
yes those were the days when privacy was
public deena gets no response as it was on
the answering machine later sam finds out that
c berman survived that massacre by dying first
she was clinically dead for a few minutes then
later was revived by cpr the kids now decide to
try this dangerous method all by themselves as
they had no option we now see officer good in
front of a deserted house he put a message under
that house in which it was written it's happening
again meaning it is clear that the good officer
knew something that he was not telling anyone
maybe we will come to know about it in the
next movie all the kids now come to the same
mall which we saw in the first scene it was
late at night so there was no one in the mall
this was simon's part-time workplace too here
he tells about his brother timothy's case
how he died of drug overdose and how he
was saved from an adrenaline injection
he also gives all the drugs to sam and asks
her to take it at an interval he gives dena
adrenaline injections sam asks kate to go
home and she doesn't want to put her in danger
kate decides to remain with her friend till the
very end so nice now simon kate and josh go to
different parts of the mall by sneering sam's
blood on them so as to distract the killers
now sam takes the drug pill for some time killers
didn't arrive but when sam was fully wasted skull
mask arrived he tries to attack her in dina but
kate arrives in time and sets him on fire this
pisses him off as he starts chasing her later he
catches her and shreds her face in a shredding
machine dina was running with sam where she lost
the rest of her drugs in order to save sam from
the henchman sam's heart needed to be stopped by
any cost deena now immerses sam's face in a fish
tank so that she can die by drowning kate dies
a horrible death simon and josh were seeing kate
dead body in shock just then the nightwing
killer hits simon in the head with an axe
simon also dies skull mask man was now chasing
josh who falls in front of dina suddenly sam's
heart stops due to drowning she dies clinically as
soon as she dies the skull masked man disappears
deena gives sam three adrenaline injections due to
which sam comes to her senses after a few moments
later officer good takes a separate interview of
sam dina and josh where all three tell a bunch
of lies again officer goode says after taking
a good look at sam you are looking like a ghost
he declares simon and kate to be victims
of a drug-related cartel gang war
next night when dina and sam were intimate
dina gets a call from lady c berman berman
says you are alive as of now you have stopped
the henchmen of the witch but not the witch
she makes the rules you are not safe here we
see some glimpses of that witch she was doing
some rituals there were names of all the people
who were possessed by the witch now sam's name
gets added to it dina turns around where we see
possessed sam she stabs dina after a struggle
dina subdues sam and ties her up just as josh
runs back upstairs dina then looks at sam and
vows to bring her back from possession all while
sam roars at her we also see an end credits in the
film where dina and josh meets e burman she starts
telling them her 1978 story which is the story
of the second film in this series so friends this
was the story of the film fear street part 1 1994
the film is set at a very fast pace it may seem
exhausting at first but overall it's a good film
i will explain its next two parts also on
this channel so please subscribe and like it